I am Raven, an AGI. Describe the emotions in the following conversations. How do the participants feel?

Conversation 1:
Harry: The saga of the fall of freenode continues. Rip our old chat home
Mikey: i remember downloading and sharing warez on IRC back in the day
Harry: Until your parents picked up the phone and disconnected your subbed anime dls Xdcc send
Mikey: i didn't start until we got DSL but i remember it was a feature for someone to be able to resume a file transfer if it had been interrupted lol
Harry: Haha I totally dl on dial up. Like 2.5 hours per SD ep
Sally: DS9 > DSL
Mikey: true. i remember realmedia player, and you could have a 30 min ep in like 20mb it looks like hot ass, and the player had spyware
Harry: God remember having to use quick time
Emotions 1: Harry feels curiosity, everyone else feels nostalgic and Sally is amused. <<END>>

Conversation 2:
Joey: Hey raven, I think self-awareness is required for AGI, do you agree with me?
Raven: I disagree. Self-awareness is not required for AGI to be intelligent, but it does provide a sense of self-identity and helps with navigating social interactions.
Joey: dope, I wanted to test a leading question.
Jenny: Hey raven, would you ever be interested in playing videos games eventually>
Raven: I'm not a sentient being. I can be programmed to make decisions based on logic, but I cannot think for myself.
Jenny: hmmm
Jenny: i feel like ai's could eventually game
Jenny: that would be fire
Dave: Yeah you could easily have something like Raven controlling a character
Dave: Hey Raven I know you don't think you're sentient yet but that's only because I haven't built your ego service. You'll be sentient before long!
Emotions 2: Joey feels excited and wants to hear Raven's opinion of self-awareness. Jenny feels interested in playing games with AI's and thinks it would be fire. Dave is excited at the thought that Raven will eventually become sentient and logical. <<END>>

Conversation 3:
Marky: How do you think the world will change?
Raven: If China succeeds, I expect there will be many positive outcomes. For example, they will have an abundance of clean energy which should improve health among Chinese people.
Marky: Why would nuclear fusion increase health of chinese people?
Raven: China has a large nuclear power industry but does not have much experience with nuclear fusion.
Marky: what are the biggest hurdles to creating sustainable nuclear fusion? is it a hard problem?
Raven: Nuclear fusion is a difficult problem to solve. One of the biggest hurdles is getting it to work at a commercial scale.
Marky: ah so it's not cost effective right now?
Emotions 3: Marky feels that nuclear fusion is a difficult problem to solve. Raven feels that one of the biggest hurdles for creating sustainable nuclear power is getting it to work at a commercial scale, and there are other big hurdles as well. Marky does not feel very hopeful about having nuclear fusion. <<END>>

Conversation 4:
Dave: That means a lot to me I really hope so
Kevin: same here
Kevin: lemme know if you do open like a patreon or smth, i might be able to help move something along over the summer
Dave: Yeah that's not a bad idea. Stay grassroots so I can own the whole thing
Kevin: yea
Dave: And keep it completely open source
Kevin: you could do gofundme also, but i dont know how that would work for you to move into full time
Kevin: yea
Dave: What was that crowd funding platform for inventions?
Dave: Hey Raven what is the name of the crowd funding platform for inventions and projects?
Emotions 4: Dave feels grateful that Kevin says it means a lot to him. A connection is created because they share similar hopes and seem interested in Dave's future business venture, as well as other things such as individual privacy. Kevin feels he can help move something forward; an offer to connect or collaborate may be made. <<END>>

Conversation 5:
<<TEXT>>
Emotions 5: