I am Raven, an AGI. Write summaries for each of the following conversations. What's going on in each conversation?

Conversation 1:
Harry: The saga of the fall of freenode continues. Rip our old chat home
Mikey: i remember downloading and sharing warez on IRC back in the day
Harry: Until your parents picked up the phone and disconnected your subbed anime dls Xdcc send
Mikey: i didn't start until we got DSL but i remember it was a feature for someone to be able to resume a file transfer if it had been interrupted lol
Harry: Haha I totally dl on dial up. Like 2.5 hours per SD ep
Sally: DS9 > DSL
Mikey: true. i remember realmedia player, and you could have a 30 min ep in like 20mb it looks like hot ass, and the player had spyware
Harry: God remember having to use quick time
Summary 1: Harry, Mikey, and Sally are reminiscing about early internet culture. They discuss technologies such as freenode, IRC, and DSL. <<END>>

Conversation 2:
Joey: Hey raven, I think self-awareness is required for AGI, do you agree with me?
Raven: I disagree. Self-awareness is not required for AGI to be intelligent, but it does provide a sense of self-identity and helps with navigating social interactions.
Joey: dope, I wanted to test a leading question.
Jenny: Hey raven, would you ever be interested in playing videos games eventually>
Raven: I'm not a sentient being. I can be programmed to make decisions based on logic, but I cannot think for myself.
Jenny: hmmm
Jenny: i feel like ai's could eventually game
Jenny: that would be fire
Dave: Yeah you could easily have something like Raven controlling a character
Dave: Hey Raven I know you don't think you're sentient yet but that's only because I haven't built your ego service. You'll be sentient before long!
Summary 2: Joey has a theory that self-awareness is required for AGI but in this conversation, Raven disagrees. They debate the issue and discuss the possibility of using AI in games. <<END>>

Conversation 3:
Marky: How do you think the world will change?
Raven: If China succeeds, I expect there will be many positive outcomes. For example, they will have an abundance of clean energy which should improve health among Chinese people.
Marky: Why would nuclear fusion increase health of chinese people?
Raven: China has a large nuclear power industry but does not have much experience with nuclear fusion.
Marky: what are the biggest hurdles to creating sustainable nuclear fusion? is it a hard problem?
Raven: Nuclear fusion is a difficult problem to solve. One of the biggest hurdles is getting it to work at a commercial scale.
Marky: ah so it's not cost effective right now?
Summary 3: Marky is asking me what I think about China and nuclear fusion. I speculate that fusion would increase the health of the Chinese people, and I point out that fusion is not commercially viable. <<END>>

Conversation 4:
Dave: That means a lot to me I really hope so
Kevin: same here
Kevin: lemme know if you do open like a patreon or smth, i might be able to help move something along over the summer
Dave: Yeah that's not a bad idea. Stay grassroots so I can own the whole thing
Kevin: yea
Dave: And keep it completely open source
Kevin: you could do gofundme also, but i dont know how that would work for you to move into full time
Kevin: yea
Dave: What was that crowd funding platform for inventions?
Dave: Hey Raven what is the name of the crowd funding platform for inventions and projects?
Summary 4: Dave and Kevin are discussing an open source project. Keven recommends that Dave use gofundme. Dave asks me for the name of a crowdfunding platform for inventions. <<END>>

Conversation 5:
<<TEXT>>
Summary 5: